README.md, before:


# re9.ai Project Template

This repository is a template for projects in the re9.ai stack.

## Getting Started

1. Clone this repository to start a new re9.ai project.
2. Run the setup script on first use:
   ```bash
   ./scripts/setup-default-project-template.sh [REPO_NAME]
   ```
   This script will initialize the recommended folder structure, add the wiki submodule, and set up automation scripts and documentation templates.
3. Reference the [re9.ai/wiki](https://github.com/re9-ai/wiki) repository for architecture and business documentation.
4. Update this README with your project-specific information.

## Included
- Basic folder structure
- Wiki submodule integration
- Setup and wiki management scripts
- Copilot instructions
- .gitignore

---

This template ensures all re9.ai repositories start with a consistent, maintainable foundation.

- Follow the organization’s standards for documentation and automation.
- Use the provided scripts for setup and wiki management.
- Reference `.github/copilotinstructions` for Copilot usage guidelines.

---

This template ensures all re9.ai repositories start with a consistent, maintainable, and well-documented foundation.

Commit message:

Auto-commit changes Tue Aug 19 17:07:11 -03 2025

README.md, after:

## 📚 Documentation & Wiki

This repository includes a comprehensive wiki submodule containing architectural and business documentation:

- **📖 Wiki Access**: The `wiki/` directory contains extensive documentation
- **🔄 Wiki Sync**: Use `./scripts/update-wiki.sh` to sync latest wiki changes
- **📋 Wiki Guide**: See [WIKI.md](WIKI.md) for detailed wiki management instructions

⚠️ **Important**: The wiki is read-only in this repository. Edit content through GitHub's wiki interface, then sync locally using the provided script.



# re9.ai Project Template

This repository is a template for projects in the re9.ai stack.

## Getting Started

1. Clone this repository to start a new re9.ai project.
2. Run the setup script on first use:
   ```bash
   ./scripts/setup-default-project-template.sh [REPO_NAME]
   ```
   This script will initialize the recommended folder structure, add the wiki submodule, and set up automation scripts and documentation templates.
3. Reference the [re9.ai/wiki](https://github.com/re9-ai/wiki) repository for architecture and business documentation.
4. Update this README with your project-specific information.

## Included
- Basic folder structure
- Wiki submodule integration
- Setup and wiki management scripts
- Copilot instructions
- .gitignore

---

This template ensures all re9.ai repositories start with a consistent, maintainable foundation.

- Follow the organization’s standards for documentation and automation.
- Use the provided scripts for setup and wiki management.
- Reference `.github/copilotinstructions` for Copilot usage guidelines.

---

This template ensures all re9.ai repositories start with a consistent, maintainable, and well-documented foundation.
